Adjust the structure of FAQ (#479)
infiniflow/ragflow: docs/faq.md

2. Add a volumes to **docker-compose.yml**, for example:
```
- ~/deepdoc:/ragflow/rag/res/deepdoc
```

#### 2.2 `FileNotFoundError: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: '/root/.cache/huggingface/hub/models--InfiniFlow--deepdoc/snapshots/FileNotFoundError: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: '/ragflow/rag/res/deepdoc/ocr.res'be0c1e50eef6047b412d1800aa89aba4d275f997/ocr.res'`

1. Check your network from within Docker, for example: 
```bash
curl https://hf-mirror.com
```
2. Run `ifconfig` to check the `mtu` value. If the server's `mtu` is `1450` while the NIC's `mtu` in the container is `1500`, this mismatch may cause network instability. Adjust the `mtu` policy as follows:

```
vim docker-compose-base.yml
# Original configuration：
networks:
  ragflow:
    driver: bridge
# Modified configuration：
networks:
  ragflow:
    driver: bridge
    driver_opts:
      com.docker.network.driver.mtu: 1450
```

### 3. Issues with RAGFlow servers

#### 3.1 `WARNING: can't find /raglof/rag/res/borker.tm`

Ignore this warning and continue. All system warnings can be ignored.

> #### 3.2 Could not login and see the networking error message on the login window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 3.2 `network anomaly There is an abnormality in your network and you cannot connect to the server.`
```

> You can only log in after the server has been initialized after you see the following message through `docker logs -f ragflow-server`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![anomaly](https://github.com/infiniflow/ragflow/assets/93570324/beb7ad10-92e4-4a58-8886-bfb7cbd09e5d)

You will not log in to RAGFlow unless the server is fully initialized. Run `docker logs -f ragflow-server`.

*The server is successfully initialized, if your system displays the following:*
```
